<h2>Background</h2><p>When a delivery is completed, proof of delivery(POD) documents and supporting documents will be submitted to both client and inteluck. PODs will be encoded and verified based on both client and inteluck requirements. PODs will be served as evidence for billing and payment process.</p><p><strong>PODs</strong></p><p>A complete set of PODs include two categories: 1/ completed Inteluck waybill 2/ Complete supporting documents (e.g ..<em>Sales Invoice, Delivery Receipt, SRF, MTA, CPTAF</em>)</p><p>Waybill is introduced by inteluck and each bill has its unique number which is pre-printed and distributed to trucker.</p><p>PODs submission include two sets, soft copy and hard copy, the verification process will based on soft copy. Submission of hard copy will also be recorded in system.</p><p><strong>POD Submission Deadline</strong></p><p>Only<strong> seven (7) days lead time</strong> to return the PODs (Inteluck/Trucker&rsquo;s copy) at Inteluck Makati office; same day after the delivery will count as first day of the lead time. Saturday and Sunday is included in the counting.</p><p><strong>Penalty</strong></p><p>Php 200.00 per day Penalty for the following:</p><ol><li><p>Failure to do an immediate return or submission of Client POD, trip tickets, delivery receipt based on their own given schedule <strong>(same day or 1 day after delivery at max)</strong></p></li><li><p>Failure to submit the Trucker&rsquo;s POD copy to Inteluck <strong>within seven (7) days lead time</strong>. Until such time that the POD will be submitted to Inteluck-charging of penalty will still continue (max of 20 days before it will be tagged as <em><u>lost</u></em>)</p></li><li><p><strong>Lost PODs will have a separate penalty</strong>; a POD will be tagged as <em><u>lost </u></em>if it will reach twenty (20) days of no submission at Inteluck office, from the date of delivery;</p></li><li><p>Lost POD penalty will be based on the <strong>total amount of the agreed trucking rate and will be multiplied by 2 (200%) plus the Customer Terms when it comes to lost POD</strong> (e.g. total service invoice amount, and others)</p></li></ol><h2>Objective</h2><p><br />To build to POD process in Sentinel system, from POD configuration for each client, POD soft copy submission by both trucker and logistics users, POD document verification process. and POD verification KPI monitoring.</p><h2><strong>Functions:</strong></h2><ol><li><p><strong>POD Setup:</strong> A page for FA team to set up POD requirement and checklist by each client. e.g. some client requires both waybill and other supporting documents. a checklist is for verification process reference and to record rejection reasons. e.g. a trucker might submit soft copy without client stamp. then Client stamp is a item of checklist and if the soft copy didn't meet this requirement, the copy will be rejected and trucker will rectify based on rejection reasons. </p></li><li><p><strong>Trucker Self-Service: </strong>Function for trucker to submit POD soft copy/ View POD verification Progress/ Resubmit.</p></li><li><p><strong>Admin Functions: </strong>Function for FA-POD team to manage PODs: 1) submit POD on behalf of trucker; 2) verify each document and Approve/Reject/Review Resubmission.</p></li><li><p><del>Function for FA-POD team to do the final review.</del></p></li><li><p><strong>Monitoring: </strong>Dashboard for POD process monitoring（Next Phase）</p></li><li><p>User from inteluck need to be defined based on roles.</p></li></ol><h3><strong>R1: POD Setup</strong><br /></h3><p>Each client might have <u>multiple</u> POD documents. E.g CENTURY PACIFIC, the client POD requirement is Trip Ticket, A valid Trip Ticket needs to meet following criteria.</p><ac:image ac:align="center" ac:layout="center" ac:original-height="417" ac:original-width="722"><ri:attachment ri:filename="image-20201006-032308.png" ri:version-at-save="1" /></ac:image><p>So if the POD status is updated as <em>verification failed</em>. a verifier needs to multi-select reasons from below options.</p><ul><li><p><em>Received Stamp w/ signature</em></p></li><li><p><em>OK For Billing Stamp w/ signature</em></p></li><li><p><em>Released Stamp w/ signature</em></p></li><li><p><em>With signatories at the bottom part of trip ticket</em> </p></li></ul><hr /><p>Each Client might have multiple POD requirements groups. E.g. Fiberhome. There are two sets of POD requirements:</p><p><strong>A: Site to Site</strong></p><ul><li><p>Waybill</p></li><li><p>SRF ( Shipping Request Form)</p></li></ul><p><strong>B: Stockyard/Plant to Site</strong></p><ul><li><p>Waybill</p></li><li><p>SRF ( Shipping Request Form)</p></li><li><p>Concrete Transfer Form</p></li><li><p>Authorization Letter</p></li></ul><p>For client with multiple requirement groups, once trucker uploaded documents, verifier will select requirement group and then the verification process will based on the selected requirement group</p><hr /><p /><h2>Flowchart</h2><p>For clear image, please refer to appendix.</p><ac:image ac:align="center" ac:layout="center" ac:original-height="1330" ac:original-width="2766"><ri:attachment ri:filename="Draft-Page-7 (2).jpg" ri:version-at-save="1" /></ac:image><p /><h2>Process Logic</h2><ol><li><p>Once a trip is marked as completed. the POD status of the trip will be <em>Pending Submission</em>.</p></li><li><p>Trucker can upload PODs from trucker app, POD team can also submit on behalf of trucker.</p></li><li><p>Trucker can check verification status from Trucker app, and the system will trigger email to trucker(owner&rsquo;s email address) when verification result come out, either fail/pass. System generated communications to Trucker need to cc&rsquo;ed <a href="mailto:pod@inteluck.com">pod@inteluck.com</a>(email address to be confirmed)</p></li><li><p>Status audit trail shall be recorded in system with time stamp and person who updated it. </p></li></ol><h2>User interaction and design</h2><h2>Out of Scope</h2><p><ac:placeholder>List the features discussed which are out of scope or might be revisited in a later release.</ac:placeholder></p><ul><li><p>NA</p></li></ul><h2>Appendix</h2><p class="media-group"><ac:structured-macro ac:name="view-file" ac:schema-version="1" ac:macro-id="80adf9cd-8ea7-4c71-aa68-ff2c442d66e1"><ac:parameter ac:name="name"><ri:attachment ri:filename="Draft.pdf" ri:version-at-save="2" /></ac:parameter></ac:structured-macro></p><p />